{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16060\viewh27380\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 \
\
Gitcoin Avatar System\
\'97\
\

\fs24 Hello, this is a short explanation of how to layer and build your Gitcoin avatars.\
\

\b0 The files contain an SVG of each asset to make unique avatars. 
\i Note: only the skin and hair assets have been colored, and one color example of the accessory assets
\i0 . Assets like glasses, shirts, and hats will have colors determined by the user, but we provided one color option to start. \
\
The files are numbered 1-15. 
\i Note: this determines the layering of the assets
\i0 . 1 is on top, 15 is on the bottom. 1-glasses, 2-eyes, 3-nose, and so on. \
\
Certain objects, such as long hair and hoop earrings require special layering to show depth. In 14-hairlong, there are two files in each hairstyle: 
\i 9-front and  14-back
\i0 . Please layer these according to the given number to achieve hair styles with bangs and hair that falls behind the shoulders
\i . Note: avatar-earring2 has a front and back layer, so please layer accordingly to achieve the correct results. \
\

\i0 15-hatlong is a layer used specifically for users who choose to wear a hat, but also have long hair. This will be the default long hair that will accompany hats when needed.}